bug_fix(1477): type handling in _add_sql_comment (#3113)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi` Add support for non string query and composable object.
>   ([#3113](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/3113))
> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation-django` Add support for non string query and composable object.
>   ([#3113](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/3113))
> - `opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy` Add support for non string query.
>   ([#3113](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/3113))

Reviewer: @aryabharat I suggest making this one line in the log and moving it under the **Fixed** subheader below:

```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-dbapi`, `opentelemetry-instrumentation-django`, `opentelemetry-instrumentation-sqlalchemy`: Fix sqlcomment for non string query and composable object.
  ([#3113](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/3113))
```
